Just filed bill to create a FL gas reserve to ensure residents and first responders have access to gas they need before and after a storm.	
Good news for Florida’s Space Coast. Just spoke w/ Air Force Gen. Monteith - he confirmed the Cape is ready to handle two launches in a day.pic.twitter.com/6PsS75qGv4	
Have just filed legislation to provide some much-needed tax relief to the victims of hurricanes Irma and Maria.	
Thoughts & prayers are with the victims of this horrific attack. At some point we, as a society, have to stand up and say enough is enough.	
Have called on Senate Finance Committee to investigate the deaths of 12 seniors at a nursing home in Hollywood, FL https://sen.gov/OQWW 	
There is a crisis in Puerto Rico. Fuel, water & medicine sitting at the docks. Need immediate response by US military. Where is the cavalry?	
Spoke with Gen. McMaster. Urged U.S. military to organize and distribute food & medicine to devastated and inaccessible areas of Puerto Rico	
Just took to the Senate floor to call for an aid package to help people in Florida, Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands.pic.twitter.com/HiWfUsxojc	
Thanks @SenatorCollins. We should be focused on finding real bipartisan fixes to the ACA, not this bill that cuts $1 trillion from Medicaid.	
Just spoke to military leaders in charge of hurricane response. Urged them to send additional support to Puerto Rico & USVI in wake of Mariahttps://twitter.com/SenBillNelson/status/912335697679437824 …	
Am calling on U.S. military to send additional search & rescue, medical and construction teams to Puerto Rico in wake of Maria.	
The latest Republican attempt to kill the health care law eliminates health insurance for 30 million and ends Medicaid as we know it.	
To all of the troops, volunteers & first responders out there helping those in need: Thank you! #FloridiansHelpingFloridians #FloridaStrongpic.twitter.com/Azwcgi7oQt	#FloridiansHelpingFloridians #FloridaStrongpic
I was just in Lehigh Acres inSW FL They need FEMA mobile office to get help. No power and no internet! The poorest often get hit the worst.	
Spoke with the head of VA. He has given me authority to move anyone in a nursing home without power into a VA hospital if necessary.	
In Belle Glade with @marcorubio handing out meals to those who still don't have power after Hurricane Irma.pic.twitter.com/FWuK7pv6QY	
This is inexcusable. I’ve asked HHS to look into this.https://twitter.com/AP/status/907965897561788416 …	
Getting on a Coast Guard C130 now to get firsthand look at storm damage in the Keys and along Florida's Gulf coast.pic.twitter.com/CUsQ1xqCj2	
If you need help from my office, please call (407) 872-7161 or contact us at https://www.billnelson.senate.gov/contact-bill 	
President just approved FL's disaster declaration, which means the $15 billion we passed this week will be available to help FL after Irma.	
Have asked FEMA to preposition fuel supplies along evacuation routes to help those trying to evacuate: http://bit.ly/2j5CvIu 	
Just spoke to the commandant of the Coast Guard – they are moving assets in and around Florida now and will be ready to respond when needed.	
DREAMers are our young neighbors. It’s time to acknowledge their many contributions, not deport them from the only home they’ve ever known.	
“Confederate statues belong in a historical museum or cemetery, not in a place of honor.”	
There is no defending white supremacists, neo-Nazis and the KKK.	
I condemn the hatred and lack of respect for others. It turned into fatal violence which must not be tolerated.	
We must continue to stand with the people of Venezuela as they fight for their democracy.	
John is one tough hombre, and is my friend. I'm praying for you, John.	
This new GOP healthcare bill is just as bad. If approved, this bill will hurt a lot of Floridians and for that reason alone I will oppose it	
Net Neutrality protections are essential to ensuring that the internet remains free and open for all.	
Just filed legislation to cut student loan interest rates and allow borrowers with existing loans to refinance their loans at a lower rate.pic.twitter.com/rV8IDZ6BIw	
Now we know why they kept this bill secret – it’s just as bad as House bill. We should be working together, not plotting behind closed doors	
We are all Americans first, regardless of party. We are all on the same team. And we’re praying for those injured in this heinous attack.	
The FBI conducts some of our most important investigations and needs a professional willing to stand up to the administration when necessary	
Sea-level rise is a real threat to Florida. If the U.S. stops fighting climate change, the rest of the world will too and FL will be at risk	
This Republican health care bill is a disaster. We should be focused on improving our nation’s health care system, not making it worse.	
Bob Mueller has the experience to conduct a thorough investigation. Must be given independent authority to follow facts wherever they lead.	
Now it is more clear than ever that we need an independent commission to get to the truth of Russia’s interference with our election.	
This GOP healthcare plan will make it nearly impossible for anyone with a pre-existing condition to get health insurance. I won’t support it	
I support the admin’s strike on the air base that launched the chemical attack. I hope this teaches Assad not to use chemical weapons again.	
I had a great time yesterday speaking at Rep. Val Demings’ church in Orlando along with Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ).pic.twitter.com/VEkDVc4MrZ	
It is wrong to take away health insurance for 24 million people, as well as increase the cost to seniors.	
Today marks 10 years since Bob Levinson disappeared near Iran. We’re renewing our call for Iran to help return Bob to his family.pic.twitter.com/1yvqxCvfss	
Sessions should recuse himself. There should be an independent commission and special prosecutor appointed to get to the bottom of this.	
Scott Pruitt’s ties to the oil industry are deeply concerning and Floridians can't afford the risk. I’ll vote no on his nomination.pic.twitter.com/SwkTt9CU7U	
Good news for Jacksonville! A new squadron of Navy drones – and 400 sailors – are heading to Mayport.	
Brought Sen. Thune to the Everglades today to show him what we’re restoring – got to show him something else you won’t see in South Dakotapic.twitter.com/DZfEr2f2wv	
A lot happened in Washington the past few days. My privilege is to represent the people of Florida.http://www.tallahassee.com/story/news/politics/2017/01/21/nelson-last-line-defense-democrat/96913610/ …	
We lost a real hero Monday. Gene Cernan, the last on the moon, like Neil Armstrong, the first, was only 82. Pictured w/ Sen. Hutchison & mepic.twitter.com/lMgSP0Gjb5	
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of the Orlando police officer killed in the line of duty this morning.	
Just filed legislation to prevent a repeal of the Medicare “donut hole" provisions that save seniors $1,000 a year. https://sen.gov/WM4Q 	
John Glenn was the pioneer. He was the one who paved the way: https://sen.gov/86JN .	
Enjoyed meeting the Marines who stopped by the Senate to collect toys for children in need this holiday season. Thanks for your service.pic.twitter.com/XPtq9N37xN	
Now that Fidel is gone, U.S. should press hard against Raul and support the Cuban people until he provides basic rights and freedoms to all.	
Congratulations to Miami Dade College President Eduardo Padrón on being awarded a much-deserved Presidential Medal of Freedom yesterday.pic.twitter.com/34zwRTY9zp	
State of Florida is reportedly selling drivers’ private info to companies – I’ve asked Justice Dept. to investigate: https://sen.gov/86OP 	
